
🙌 👍

*00-26.05 part-1*

*00:00 - 00:50 Blazor Web Assembly is a Single page app framework for building interective client side web apps with dot net. It uses open Web standard without plugin or recompiling code into other languages. This Course will teach you how to use balzor web assembly & web api on .Net 7 . We will build step by step a shopping Cart Application. We also provide the guide on how to intigrate a payment gateway into our blazor web Assembly component so that a user able to pay for products through our application using a debit or credit card or in the paypal account.  [SPA (Single-page application)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/SPA) *

*Blazor is a relatively new feature of asp dot net. It offers two hosting model. A server side hosting model &  a client side hosting model. We are going to use the client side hosting model for the development of our shopping cart application. The significanse of this hosting model is that the C# code runs directly within our browsers. What makes this possible is a technology named `Web Assembly`. In recent years the creation of SPA applications or single page applications have become very popular as web solutions. Recently Javascript frameworks like Angular or React have been the avilable choices for the creation of spa applications. With Blazor we are now able to create our single page applications using C#. We don't necessaryly need to depend on  javascript for the creation of our interective UI Code.
We can create this code using C#. In this appliaction however the payment gateway provided by paypal is coded in javascript. So we will use blazor into our probality funtionality with javascript to interect with the relavent javascript paypal code. 02:08 - 03:20*

*Add a new Blazor Web Assembly App Project. A project template for creating a Blazor app that runs on WebAssembly and is optionally hosted by an ASP.NET Core app. This template can be used for web apps with rich dynamic user interfaces (UIs) 03:20 - 04:16*

*Add a new ASP.NET Core Web API Project Template (A project template for creating an ASP.NET Core application with an example Controller for a RESTful HTTP service. This template can also be used for ASP.NET Core MVC Views & Controllers) *

*We Enable `OpenAPI` support. By doing this the `Swashbuckle` NuGet Package will be automatically installed & the appropriate swagger middleware will be automatically configured appropiately within our project. One of the advatages of this is when we run our Web Api project interectively we'll be able to test our web Api code through our browsers even before we've developed any front-end code. So the basic UI will automatically be created for this purpose for us. When we run our application interectevly we'll be able  to test each of our action methods through the relavent automatically created web based UI. 04:17- 05:52*

*We are going to build our database using code first migrations & entity framework core [2]. Migration allow us to evolve our database without using data or database object. So by using plain all C# classes we can build the database entites that we wish to include within our Shopping Cart Application. Once we've created relavent entity related C# classes we're look at an entity relationship diagram that represent our shopping cart application database design. 6.16 - 6.43* 

*Create Entities Related C# Clases. This is way the classes that represent out database entities will resign. [Microsoft identity platform documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/) *

*11.00- 11.41 1Entity Relatioship Diagram Link [Visit Here](https://lucid.app/lucidchart/969fa12e-1cb2-49bf-9e2d-3a89accc11ab/edit?viewport_loc=-65%2C-11%2C1707%2C872%2C0_0&invitationId=inv_534ffb26-27c6-4037-99ad-da8d6e9f0aa2#) [Database Relationships](https://www.sqlshack.com/learn-sql-types-of-relations/ https://code.tutsplus.com/articles/sql-for-beginners-part-3-database-relationships--net-8561 https://www.tutorialsteacher.com/sqlserver/tables-relations)*

*Using  ef7 to generate a database for our shopping cart application. The classes that we've just crated representing our entities will be used by ef7 to generate the corresponding database table within the database that ef7 create for us. In order to generate our database with the relavent tables through Visual Studio Let's Install two Nuget Packages, `EntityFrameworkCore.SqlServer` `EntityFrameworkCore.Tools` for running migrations within visual studio. The reason for installing `EntityFrameworkCore.Tools` this package is because we want to run our migration with in the visual studio as supposed to using .Net CLI for this purpose. We can use different commands when running migration commands using the .Net CLI. As supposed to the command we run when using Visual Studio. 11.56- 14.08*

*Configuring Connection String in order to connect the application with the database that we wish to create using ef7 code first migrations. 14.22- 15.20
[Connection Strings](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/core/miscellaneous/connection-strings)*

*15.21-Create Database Context Class. So in order to make this class represant our ef7 databse context we need to implement code so that our `ShopOnlineDbContext` Class inherits from ef7 DbContext class. An red squigly line under `DbContext` this is because we've an important `Microsoft.EntityFramewokCore` Namespace. An easy way to include the appropriate using directive through visual studio is to press `Ctr+Period` & then select the appropriate menu item from the menu that is presented to us through Visual Studio. Let's Create the Constructor for our `ShopOnlineDbContext` Class. We must add a parameter to to the constructor that we've just generated. The parameter is name `Options` & is of the generic type `DbContextOptions` which has the data type `ShopOnlineDbContext` Passed as an argument to it. We can then write code to pass the argument that will be passed to our `ShopOnlineDbContext` Class Constructor to the base class from which Inherit IE. the DbContext class. Now because We want to focus on the shopping cart workflow at the stage & don't want us to distructed by the implementation of administrative CRUD operation functionality. *An Easy way to automaically generate a Constructor within visual studio is type `ctor` & then press the tab key twice. Then in order to indicate to .Net that we want an object of type ShopOnlineDbContext to be injected into this constructor only need to do is difine an parameter with in our constructor of type ShopOnlineDbContext.* [DbContext Class](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.data.entity.dbcontext?view=entity-framework-6.2.0, https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/ef6/fundamentals/working-with-dbcontext) [Passing Parameters (C# Programming Guide)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/classes-and-structs/passing-parameters) [Constructors (C# programming guide)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/classes-and-structs/constructors) [Generic type parameters (C# Programming Guide)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/generics/generic-type-parameters, https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/fundamentals/types/generics) [Inheritance in C# and .NET](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/fundamentals/tutorials/inheritance)*

*`OnModelCreating Method Overriding`  We are going to seed our database with certain data. This is data that we already prepared. So we're not going to include Create Read Update & delete Funtionality regarding the creation & maintenance of product data. At the stage we are going to seed our database with product related data. We're going to seed our database with the relavent data so that we can move directly to the creation of our shopping cart functionality. So in order to seed database appropriately we can override a method that exist  within the DbContext based class. This method is named `OnModelCreating` An easy way to generate the relavent override code for this method through visual studio is to type in the word `override` & then press the space bar. We can Insulate The `OnModelCreating` item. From the drop down list presented in us with in visual studio. [Data Seeding](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/core/modeling/data-seeding) [override (C# reference)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/keywords/override) [Creating and configuring a model](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/core/modeling/)*

*19.57`Using Entity Framework Core DbSet Generic Type` So for each of our entities we need to appropriately include a public property of type `DbSet` with in our `ShopOnlineDbContext` Class. [DbSet](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.data.entity.dbset?view=entity-framework-6.2.0)*

*20.50 `Register ShopOnlineDbContext class for Dependency Injection` Lets open the relavent program.cs file. [Dependency injection in .NET](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/extensions/dependency-injection) [Dependency injection in ASP.NET Core](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/dependency-injection?view=aspnetcore-6.0)*

*21.22 `Generating Migration Using ef7` Open NuGet Package Manager Console Window. Follow with this Command `Add-Migration InitiaCreate` ShopOnline Api project Set as Startup Project. By generating this migration class this code generate our database & the relavent table. This method also contain code that seeds the relavent database table with the data that prepared prair to create in this project.*

*23.47 `To run migration type update-database Command in Nuget PM console Window.` Check SSMS 19 Prev 2. We can see that the ShopOnline Database has been Created. The database table have been appropriately created based on the entities we created using C# classes. The relavent database tables have been seeded with the data created from the code we included with in the `OnModelCreating` method. Which was search with in the `ShopOnlineDbContext` class. The data with which we've seeded our database contains product & User Information. This is been done. so that we can focus on the shopping cart functionality & not worried  at this stage about implementing code `Creat Read Update & Delete` Functionality regrading products sold by our frictional online store.*

*24.56 `Running Migrations Notes:` if u have one migration or more than one migration & not happy with the changes made to the database u can undo the changes made by running this command `update-database 0` The number Zero is a special case that means before the first migration & causes the effects of all migration to be rolled back. To Remove migration run this command `remove-migration` if you Upadate a database with multiple migrations Like `Migration1 or Migration2 or Migration3 or Migration4 or Migration5`. if u wish to rollback the changes to before a particular migration was run you can Rollback your changes to that particular state by running the migration that was run directly before the migration that back contain the changes you wish to roll back `update-database Migration2`*

*26.05 - 57.45 part-2*

*26.05 `Retrieving Product data from database & Returning data to client blazor component` This is the second part in a series of project dedicated to building a shopping cart application using blazor & Restful web api. In this part we're going to start with the workflow that involved retieving product data from our database & returning the data to the client blazor component. The code for this functionality will be implemented with in the web api component. So in this part we're start to `develop our web api` component. Before we do this let's create the classes that represant the data that will be passed between the web api component & the blazor component. [Diagram](https://lucid.app/lucidchart/4715f825-77f7-4867-bf6d-0b9c9961cf0f/edit?viewport_loc=-10%2C-11%2C1707%2C872%2C0_0&invitationId=inv_02814206-a40a-4c94-9087-ab773e457b69#) Might be thinking but we've already created the classes that represant the data for our application, For Example Product, ProductCategory, Cart, CartItem Ext. Yes we did create this classes that represant our entities in the previous part of this project. This entity classes directly map to the database tables that we generated when we ran the relavent migrations. The function of this classes can be seed as blue prints for the correspondent database tables. When we passed data between the web api component & the blazor component we dont necessarly want to passed the exat data to find by the property in the classes that represant the database entities. For example in this project we're going to create code that returns the product data from the web api component to the blazor component. The product class contains certain product related properties one of which is the CategoryId. A particualr categoryId vlue could for example to note that a particular product falls under the electronics category & could for example be a laptop or for a example the product could for under the furniture category & clould be for example a couse. The categoryId property with in the product entity is a foreign key from the product category entity. From a human respective the categoryId property does not have much meaning because of contains a numeric value so it would for example make might sense to display the categoryId to the user we may want to pass the relavent CategoryName in adition to the product information define in the product class. So to facilitate this we can create a new model  that contains all the relavent product data as well as the relavant CategoryName which include in the product category entity & not the product entity. So make sense to create a new model to represant the data that in this case we wish to pass from server to client we need a model that includes all the product information as well as the CategoryName. The type of model i'm referring to is nate as a `DTO` or data transfer object.* 

*29.22`Create Data Transfer Object (DTO) Model` This type of model includes the data that needs to be passed between server & client. So a DTO is an object that defines how the data will be send over the network. Because that represant our entities that we create earlier directly maped to our crrespondent database table. This classes represant the structure of certain tables in our database. We can create `DTOS` data transfer objects that are based on the underline entity classes. but may be differntly shaped based on the data we needs to be passed between client & server. Now we create a standard library project to house of `dtos`.  [Data Transfer Object (DTO)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/web-api/overview/data/using-web-api-with-entity-framework/part-5 https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1051182/what-is-a-data-transfer-object-dto)*

*30.24`Create ShopOnline.Models Class Library` for creating the classes that have representingour dtos.*

*34.54`Coding The Logic for first workflow` Starting with the web api component. This workflow simply involved retrieving product data from our database & returning the data to the client blazor application. The blazor application will contain code that displays the relavent product data to the user. So ShopOnlineDbContext class has been registered for dependency injection. We'll see in a bit how we are able to implement code to ensure that an object of type ShopOnlineDbContext is injected into relavent classes.*

*35.31`Repository design Pattern Implementation to abstract data handling layout` Repositories are classes or components that Encapsulate the logic required to access data Sources. We can use repositories to centralized common data access functionality. Which has the benefit of facilitating beta maintainbility, easier Unit Testing, extensibility & Cleaner Code. The best way to Understand the repository pattern is to Implement the relavent code. So let's write the code for Product repository Funtionality. [Implementing the Repository and Unit of Work Patterns in an ASP.NET MVC Application (9 of 10)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/mvc/overview/older-versions/getting-started-with-ef-5-using-mvc-4/implementing-the-repository-and-unit-of-work-patterns-in-an-asp-net-mvc-application)
Create Interface that runs asyncronusly, Overturn Generic tasks objects. Our first method is named `get items` & returns an `IEnumerable` Collection of type Product. So a IEnumerable collection is passed as a type argument to the task object as discussed this is so the method that implement this method defination can runs asycronusly.[Asynchronous programming with async and await](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/concepts/async/)[Encapsulation in C#](https://dotnettutorials.net/lesson/encapsulation-csharp/) [How to define abstract properties (C# Programming Guide)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/classes-and-structs/how-to-define-abstract-properties) [IEnumerable Interface](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.collections.ienumerable?view=net-6.0) [interface (C# Reference)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/keywords/interface) [Task Class](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.threading.tasks.task?view=net-6.0)* 

*37.48 So we've define the interface that we want to class name ProductRepository to implement. So lets create a class directly with in the repository directory named `ProductRepository` & the first thing we need to do is write the code to implement the `IProductRepository` Interface. 39.08Visual Studio generates the relavent code stuffs for us. So Visual Studio generates default implementations for the rlavent method definations. So in this stage only want to implement the code logic relavent to the web flow that is the focus of this Project. IE returning a collection of product data to the client side calling code in this case our Blazor component. We are going to new to use the `ShopOnlineDnContext Object` to interect with our `ShopOnline Database`. As u will recall earlier we registered the `ShopOnlineDbContext object` for `dependency injection`. This means that we're able to gain access to an object of type `ShopOnlineDbContext` by defining an appropriate parameterized constructor in our pruduct repository class. [new operator (C# reference)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/operators/new-operator) [throw (C# Reference)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/keywords/throw) [NotImplementedException Constructors](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.notimplementedexception.-ctor?view=net-6.0)*

*40.04 An easy way to automatically generate constructor with in visual studio is type `ctor` & then press the tab key twice. Then in order to indicate dotnet taht we want an object `ShopOnlineDbContext` to be injected into this constructor, all we need to do is define an parameter with in our constructor of type `ShopOnlineDbContext` Lets bring in the appropriate namespace. & We can get visual studio to create an appropriate private readonly member variable to reference our ShopOnlineDbContext object by pressing `Control+Period` & Selecting the appropriate item from the list presented to us by visual studio.  [Objects - create instances of types](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/fundamentals/object-oriented/objects) [Constructors (C# programming guide)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/classes-and-structs/constructors) [Members (C# Programming Guide)
](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/classes-and-structs/members)*

*41.02so for the workflow that is the focus of this part we only need to implement code for two of the method defination with in the `iProductRepository` interface. So in this point we're only going to implement code for the `GetItems` method & the `GetCategories` method. So let implements code for `GetItems` method. All we want this method to do is returns all the products from the products table. So let's write the code for this. Note we want our code to run `asyncronusly` so we must include the `await` keyword here. Notice when we've type in the `await` keyword that the `async` keyword automatically appears in the method defination fot the `GetItems` method. If you include the await keyword with in a method. The method in which you include the await keyword must appropriately contain the async keyword. Notes that to include the `ToListasync` extension method get in our code we must bring an the `Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore` Namespace. That's it. We've written the code to return an `IEnumerable` collection of product data from our database. So lets implement the code to return the `ProductCategories` from our database. We can do this by implementing the appropriate code with our GetCategories method. So now we've now implemented the code for retieving product data from our database. [9 Variables](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/language-specification/variables) [public (C# Reference)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/keywords/public) [private (C# Reference)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/keywords/private) [readonly (C# Reference)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/keywords/readonly) [Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore Namespace](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.entityframeworkcore?view=efcore-6.0)*

*42.56The next step is to write code `To Return the appropriate data to the Calling client` So to do this we need to create an appropriate controller class. Before we create our controller class lets delete `WeatherForecastController.cs` classes that we generated by default when we first created our web api project. This classes obviously not going to be use in our application. So now lets create a class with in our controller directory. Let's ensure that we select the appropriate controller class template. Let's name this class `ProductController`. So the first things to do is to write the code so that an object of type `ProductRepository` is automatically injected into our controller classes constructor via dependency injection. Lets also ensure that we've a read only private field that refereces the object passed in via dependency injection. But we've not yet registered our `ProductRepository` class for dependency injection. So lets write the code for this. Let's open the program.cs file. Let's implement the code to register the ProductRepository class with the dependency injection system. Notice how we use the `AddScoped` method to register our `ProductRepository` class for dependency injection. We could be use the `AddTransient` method or the `AddSingleton` method to register our `ProductRepository` class within the dependency injection system. Then in our case `AddScoped` is the appropriate method for this purpose. Very basicly using `AddTransient` would mean in that a new instance of the relavent object is provided to every class that requires the relavent object to be injected. Using `AddSingleton` Would mean have the same instance of the object injected into the relavent classes for every http request using `Add Scoped` means that the same instance of the object injected into relavent classes with in a particuar http request. Note that in this case new instance of the relavent object would be created for each http request. [Call a Web API From a .NET Client (C#)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/web-api/overview/advanced/calling-a-web-api-from-a-net-client) [Controller Class](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.web.mvc.controller?view=aspnet-mvc-5.2, https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/mvc/overview/older-versions-1/controllers-and-routing/creating-a-controller-cs) [readonly (C# Reference)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/keywords/readonly) [System Namespace](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system?view=net-6.0) [ServiceCollectionServiceExtensions.AddScoped Method](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.extensions.dependencyinjection.servicecollectionserviceextensions.addscoped?view=dotnet-plat-ext-6.0) [ServiceCollectionServiceExtensions.AddTransient Method](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.extensions.dependencyinjection.servicecollectionserviceextensions.addtransient?view=dotnet-plat-ext-6.0) [ServiceCollectionServiceExtensions.AddSingleton Method](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.extensions.dependencyinjection.servicecollectionserviceextensions.addsingleton?view=dotnet-plat-ext-6.0) [Objects - create instances of types](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/fundamentals/object-oriented/objects)*

*45.52`Lets Create a method defination for action method named GetItems` We want our action method to run asyncronusly. The type that is passed to the generic task object is of the generic action result type. One of the core benefits of returning an action result is that is well as returning requested data from an action method to the client and appropriate response status code can also be return. For example http status code of 200 meets the request has seeded status code of 404 represents that resource could not be found & a http status code 500 represents that an internal server error occured. So we need to pass the type of data that we wish to return to the client as a type arguments to the action results generic type. So we want to return an `iEnumerable` collection of type `ProductDto` to the client.   [Creating an Action (C#)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/mvc/overview/older-versions-1/controllers-and-routing/creating-an-action-cs) [Generic Methods (C# Programming Guide)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/generics/generic-methods) [Generic type parameters (C# Programming Guide)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/generics/generic-type-parameters) [Controller action return types in ASP.NET Core web API](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/web-api/action-return-types?view=aspnetcore-6.0) [ActionResult](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.aspnetcore.mvc.actionresult-1?view=aspnetcore-6.0) [Task](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.threading.tasks.task-1?view=net-6.0) [Action Results in Web API 2](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/web-api/overview/getting-started-with-aspnet-web-api/action-results) [The HTTP status code in IIS 7.0 and later versions](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/troubleshoot/developer/webapps/iis/www-administration-management/http-status-code) [HTTP response status codes](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status#server_error_responses)*

*46.56*

### 🏆  Learn (Research. Study)

*C#11 [C# 11 Preview documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/)  [using (C# Reference)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/keywords/using) [C# Keywords](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/keywords/) [C# programming guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/) [C# reference](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/) [Objects - create instances of types](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/fundamentals/object-oriented/objects)[Methods](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/classes-and-structs/methods) [Access Modifiers (C# Programming Guide)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/classes-and-structs/access-modifiers) [Integral numeric types (C# reference)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/integral-numeric-types) [Properties (C# Programming Guide)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/classes-and-structs/properties) [Strings and string literals](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/strings/) [The C# type system](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/fundamentals/types/)*

*ef7  [Tutorial: Get Started with Entity Framework 6 Code First using MVC 5](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/mvc/overview/getting-started/getting-started-with-ef-using-mvc/creating-an-entity-framework-data-model-for-an-asp-net-mvc-application)*  *Blazor [awesome-blazor, Resources for Blazor, a .NET web framework using C#/Razor and HTML that runs in the browser with WebAssembly.](https://github.com/AdrienTorris/awesome-blazor) [Blazor University](https://blazor-university.com/) [Blazor For Beginners By Jef Fritz](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLdo4fOcmZ0oUJCA3DCzKT79Oe3kdKEceX)  [WebAssembly 1.0 ](https://webassembly.org/) * *ASP.NET CORE  [ ASP.NET MVC 5.2.3 Beta](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/mvc/)  [ASP.NET Identity](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/identity/)[ASP.NET Core Middleware](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/middleware/?view=aspnetcore-6.0)* *.Net   [.NET CLI overview](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/tools/)* *Web Api  [WEB Api](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/what-is-web-api-and-why-we-use-it/) [Open Api](https://www.openapis.org/)* * http3 [Server-side website programming](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Server-side) [HTTP](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP)*

###  📦 Tips & Tricks
---
```
Problem: Add-Migration InitialCreate Not Working `Could not load assembly 'ShopOnline.Web'. Ensure it is referenced by the startup project 'ShopOnline.Api'.`
Solution: `https://www.thecodebuzz.com/build-failed-efcore-scaffold-dbcontext-command-pmc/`
```
```
Problem: Add-Migration InitialCreate
Build started...
Build failed.
Solution: Open ShopOnlineDbContext.cs file Then Check the code & find the error. Two error found at UserName. Open User.cs Entities. Correct the int to string type.
```
```
[Q]  Why We Use Migrations?
[A] Migration Allow us to evolve our database without loosing data or database object.
```
